_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: ""
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
layout: default
---

{% if site.google_scholar_stats_use_cdn %}
{% assign gsDataBaseUrl = "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/" | append: site.repository | append: "@" %}
{% else %}
{% assign gsDataBaseUrl = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/" | append: site.repository | append: "/" %}
{% endif %}
{% assign url = gsDataBaseUrl | append: "google-scholar-stats/gs_data_shieldsio.json" %}

<span class='anchor' id='about-me'></span>

I am a Research Professor at Hangzhou Institute of Medicine, Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Associate Director of the Medical AI Center. Previously, I served as a Hundred Talents Program Research Professor at the Zhejiang University-Zhijiang Laboratory Platform. I received my Ph.D. in Computer Science and Engineering from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

My research focuses on developing next-generation computational tools for medical AI and drug discovery, with particular emphasis on leveraging modern artificial intelligence methods, especially large language models, to accelerate pharmaceutical research and development. My research follows a comprehensive pipeline: processing clinical multimodal information to uncover disease mechanisms, and subsequently designing targeted therapeutics to modulate biological functions. I lead a team developing intelligent platforms for drug discovery and have achieved breakthroughs in core algorithms for drug virtual screening workflows, including protein representation, pocket detection, conformational docking, molecular generation, and activity scoring.

I have published over 40 papers as first or corresponding author in prestigious journals and conferences including *Nature Machine Intelligence*, *Nature Computational Science*, *Nature Communications*, ICML, ICLR, and NeurIPS. I currently lead several major research projects including National Key R&D Program International Cooperation Projects and National Natural Science Foundation projects with total <a href='https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=zh-CN&user=AUpqepUAAAAJ&view_op=list_works&sortby=pubdate'>google scholar citations <strong><span id='total_cit'>260000+</span></strong></a>.


# 📖 Education
- *Ph.D.* in Computer Science and Engineering, The Chinese University of Hong Kong 

# 💼 Professional Experience
- *Current*, Research Professor, Hangzhou Institute of Medicine, Chinese Academy of Sciences
- *Current*, Associate Director, Medical AI Center, Hangzhou Institute of Medicine, Chinese Academy of Sciences  
- *Former*, Hundred Talents Program Research Professor, Zhejiang University-Zhijiang Laboratory Platform

Commit message:

Move News to homepage, remove Education and Professional Experience sections, delete standalone News page

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: ""
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
layout: default
---

{% if site.google_scholar_stats_use_cdn %}
{% assign gsDataBaseUrl = "https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/" | append: site.repository | append: "@" %}
{% else %}
{% assign gsDataBaseUrl = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/" | append: site.repository | append: "/" %}
{% endif %}
{% assign url = gsDataBaseUrl | append: "google-scholar-stats/gs_data_shieldsio.json" %}

<span class='anchor' id='about-me'></span>

I am a Research Professor at Hangzhou Institute of Medicine, Chinese Academy of Sciences, and Associate Director of the Medical AI Center. Previously, I served as a Hundred Talents Program Research Professor at the Zhejiang University-Zhijiang Laboratory Platform. I received my Ph.D. in Computer Science and Engineering from The Chinese University of Hong Kong.

My research focuses on developing next-generation computational tools for medical AI and drug discovery, with particular emphasis on leveraging modern artificial intelligence methods, especially large language models, to accelerate pharmaceutical research and development. My research follows a comprehensive pipeline: processing clinical multimodal information to uncover disease mechanisms, and subsequently designing targeted therapeutics to modulate biological functions. I lead a team developing intelligent platforms for drug discovery and have achieved breakthroughs in core algorithms for drug virtual screening workflows, including protein representation, pocket detection, conformational docking, molecular generation, and activity scoring.

I have published over 40 papers as first or corresponding author in prestigious journals and conferences including *Nature Machine Intelligence*, *Nature Computational Science*, *Nature Communications*, ICML, ICLR, and NeurIPS. I currently lead several major research projects including National Key R&D Program International Cooperation Projects and National Natural Science Foundation projects with total <a href='https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=zh-CN&user=AUpqepUAAAAJ&view_op=list_works&sortby=pubdate'>google scholar citations <strong><span id='total_cit'>260000+</span></strong></a>.


# 🔥 News
- *2025.01*: &nbsp;🎉🎉 New paper accepted at Nature Communications on protein folding!
- *2024.12*: &nbsp;📢 Gave an invited talk at the AI for Drug Discovery Workshop
- *2024.11*: &nbsp;🏆 Received the Outstanding Young Scientist Award from CAS
- *2024.10*: &nbsp;🚀 Launched new collaboration with pharmaceutical companies on AI-driven drug design
